Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me. - Carol Burnett
 
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it. - Charles R. Swindoll
 
There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved. - George Sand
 
Smile in the mirror. Do that every morning and you'll start to see a big difference in your life. - Yoko Ono
 
The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it. - Hubert H. Humphrey
 
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay. - Simone de Beauvoir
 
Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored. - Earl Nightingale
 
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth. - Bradley Whitford
 
Lighten up, just enjoy life, smile more, laugh more, and don't get so worked up about things. - Kenneth Branagh
 
Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live. - Norman Cousins
 
Live life to the fullest, and focus on the positive. - Matt Cameron
 
Because of your smile, you make life more beautiful. - Thich Nhat Hanh
 
There are two great days in a person's life - the day we are born and the day we discover why. - William Barclay
 
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive. - Elbert Hubbard
 
It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family. - Philip Green
 
Life is full of happiness and tears; be strong and have faith. - Kareena Kapoor Khan
 
Peace is the beauty of life. It is sunshine. It is the smile of a child, the love of a mother, the joy of a father, the togetherness of a family. It is the advancement of man, the victory of a just cause, the triumph of truth. - Menachem Begin
 
My family is my life, and everything else comes second as far as what's important to me. - Michael Imperioli
 
Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life. - Omar Khayyam
 
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams. - Oprah Winfrey
 
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky. - Rabindranath Tagore
 
Stay true to yourself, yet always be open to learn. Work hard, and never give up on your dreams, even when nobody else believes they can come true but you. These are not cliches but real tools you need no matter what you do in life to stay focused on your path. - Phillip Sweet
 
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving. - Albert Einstein
 
Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it. - Kevyn Aucoin
 
Loneliness adds beauty to life. It puts a special burn on sunsets and makes night air smell better. - Henry Rollins
 
At the end of the day, life is about being happy being who you are, and I feel like we are so blessed to have the support system and the best family to really just support each other no matter what we're going through. - Kim Kardashian
 
